Add beginners guide to the docs (#884)
vercel/turborepo: docs/pages/docs/guides/beginners-guide.mdx

---
title: Beginners guide

> description: A guide for beginners that solves some issues that new users may face.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: A guide for beginners that helps new users onboard to using Turborepo.
```

---

> # Beginners guide

Reviewer 2: - Rename to `Workspaces` 
- Add preamble/introduction to workspaces, with links and descriptions of how they work and how turbo is built on them

Author: Renamed to workspaces, added a section with links to external documentation, and changed the introduction slightly.
I believe this should be satisfactory. If not, let me know, and I'll apply changes as soon as I am able.

When you have decided where to put the workspace you simply create a folder for it.

### Something that indicates that a folder is a workspace

After creating your folder you need to make sure your package manager knows that your folder is a workspace folder.

This step is different for `pnpm` than it is for `npm` and `yarn`.

For `pnpm` you need to add the folder to the `pnpm-workspace.yaml` file that exists in your root.
This file contains a list of workspaces in the form of globs.

For `yarn` and `npm` you need to add the folder to the `workspaces` field in the root `package.json` file
This field contains a list of workspaces in the form of globs.

Each folder that matches any of the globs in the lists is considered a workspace folder.

### A `package.json` file in the workspace folder

After creating the folder and adding it to the list of workspaces we want to create the `package.json` file for the workspace.
This `package.json` file will house all the information for the workspace such as the version, dependencies, and scripts, just like a normal `package.json` file would.

## Naming workspaces

Some issues can occur when choosing names for your workspaces.

> Therefor, we want to provide some guidelines and best-practices.

Reviewer 3: Therefore

Author: I'll solve it tomorrow. And thanks! My spelling check actually seems to be doing this one wrong so now I can fix it in my graduation thesis :D
